{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 MERN stack E-commerce project
\f1\b0 \
\
\ul Set up\ulnone \
Took git directory out of Frontend directory and put it into the core directory along with the git ignore file.\
Set up a new git repository and made the first commit along with setting up a remote repository in GitHub.\
\
**note** unable to open VS Code from command line.  Could be a problem with an old version.  Check versions of all software including git, npm, node and React.\
\
There is a version of Bootstrap for React.  I downloaded his custom build for this project. I may have to amend that if I decide to use his code for an e-commerce platform of my own.  \
\
Section 2.9 - Adding react-router-dom to the app for routes.  I may need to revisit this video to make note of the changes to adding routes to the application.  BT is using react-router-dom 6.10 and I am using v 6.23, so there may be some issues once the app is completed.  \
\
\ul Setting up the Backend\ulnone \
**Using ES Modules syntax for this project:\
	\'91import express from \'93express\'94 \'92 \
We did this by changing the \'93type\'94 prompt in the package.json to \'93module\'94\
Added nodemon to automatically restart server after changes and concurrently so that you can start both the front end and the back end with a single command. \
\
Used bcryptjs to hash the passwords of the users: password: bcrypt.hashSync('123456', 10)\
The number string is the password and the 10 refers to the level of the salt.\
\
Set up data models with Mongoose in the orderModel, productModel, and userModel files.  \
Created a file (seeder.js) in the backend to send information to MongoDB from the sample users and products files. The sample information can be deleted and imported with the following commands on the root command line:\
	\'91npm run data:import\'92\
	\'91npm run data:destroy\'92\
\
7/1 Downloaded desktop Postman App after trying to use Postman Agent.  I forgot that the Postman Agent was on the very top bar with some of the other controls (including Wi-fi).  When you click on the icon, it connects you to the web application.  All of my saved settings are in the desktop app.  \
\
According to BTraversy\'85 Express is a very \'91unopinionated\'92 tool. It is up to the programmer to impose his or her own method of organization.  BT uses MVC (Model, View, Controller) organization.  This makes it easier to debug and upgrade applications as needed. \
\
Redux and Redux tool kit \
https://react-redux.js.org/\
https://redux-toolkit.js.org/\
\
Redux Store that wraps our application.  apiSlice is the parent for all of the slices.  You can import it into the secondary slices and then use the apiSlice.injectEndpoints() function to add another endpoint for additional functionality (getProducts, etc). \
\
JSON Web Tokens (JWT)\
https://jwt.io\
JSON web tokens consist of three parts: a header, a payload and a signature.  They are commonly used for authentication.  It\'92s usually stored in local storage on the client(browser), but this is unsafe.  We\'92re going to store it in an HTTP-only cookie on the server. }